I ran the road and the sidewalk

I run the road and a mound.

I ran the long road and the tall staircase.

I run a long mile and the long road.

I ran hill and road.

I run road and trail.

John runs the track and the road.

John ran the track and the road.

Tall John runs the road and the pathway.

Tall John ran the road and the pathway.

I jump the train and the road.

I jumped the train and the road.

Sally jumps the train and the road.

Sally jumped the train and the road.

Funny Sally jumps the road and the tree.

Funny Sally jumped the road and the tree.

Sally is the ruler and the leader.

He is the clown and the boss.

Sally was manager and god.

He was the leader and the loser.

Sally begins the test and the trial.

I begin the test and the trial.

I am the king and the queen.

I ran the road, a mound and the sidewalk

I run the road, the sidewalk and a mound.

I ran the long road, the wide foot and the tall staircase.

I run a long mile, a wide foot and the long road.

I ran hill, boulder and road.

I run road, track and trail.

John runs the track, the trail and the road.

John ran the track, the trail and the road.

Tall John runs the road, the trail and the pathway.

Tall John ran the road, the trail and the pathway.

I jump the train, the trail and the road.

I jumped the train, the trail and the road.

Sally jumps the train, the trail and the road.

Sally jumped the train, the trail and the road.

Funny Sally jumps the road, the trail and the tree.

Funny Sally jumped the road, the trail and the tree.

Sally is the ruler, the tracker and the leader.

He is the clown, the idiot and the boss.

Sally was manager, ruler and god.

He was the leader, the follower and the loser.

Sally begins the test, the scam and the trial.

I begin the test, the scam and the trial.

I am the king, the prince and the queen.

I ran the road, a mound, and the sidewalk

I run the road, the sidewalk, and a mound.

I ran the long road, the wide foot, and the tall staircase.

I run a long mile, a wide foot, and the long road.

I ran hill, boulder, and road.

I run road, track, and trail.

John runs the track, the trail, and the road.

John ran the track, the trail, and the road.

Tall John runs the road, the trail, and the pathway.

Tall John ran the road, the trail, and the pathway.

I jump the train, the trail, and the road.

I jumped the train, the trail, and the road.

Sally jumps the train, the trail, and the road.

Sally jumped the train, the trail, and the road.

Funny Sally jumps the road, the trail, and the tree.

Funny Sally jumped the road, the trail, and the tree.

Sally is the ruler, the tracker, and the leader.

He is the clown, the idiot, and the boss.

Sally was manager, ruler, and god.

He was the leader, the follower, and the loser.

Sally begins the test, the scam, and the trial.

I begin the test, the scam, and the trial.

I am the king, the prince, and the queen.