I ran and hit the road.

I run and hit the road.

I ran and dug the long road.

I run and dig the long road.

I ran and shot road.

I run and shoot road.

John runs and kicks the road.

John ran and jumped the road.

Tall John runs and skips the road.

Tall John ran and leaped the road.

I jump and admire the road.

I judged and jumped the road.

Sally jumps and leaps the road.

Sally jumped and talked the road.

Funny Sally jumps and leaps the road.

Funny Sally jumped and hit the road.

Sally is and was the ruler.

He was and is the clown.

Sally was and is manager.

He was and is the leader.

Sally begins and continues the test.

I begin and continue the test.

I am and was the king,

I knocked, ran and hit the road.

I skip, run and hit the road.

I slid, ran and dug the long road.

I slide, run and dig the long road.

I walked, ran and shot road.

I spin, run and shoot road.

John crawls, runs and kicks the road.

John rode, ran and jumped the road.

Tall John rides, runs and skips the road.

Tall John rode, ran and leaped the road.

I kick, jump and admire the road.

I painted, judged and jumped the road.

Sally measures, jumps and leaps the road.

Sally kissed, jumped and talked the road.

Funny Sally maps, jumps and leaps the road.

Funny Sally thumps, jumped and hit the road.

Sally was, is and will be the ruler.

He was, is and will be the clown.

Sally was, is and will be manager.

He was, is and will be the leader.

Sally begins, continues and complete the test.

I begin, continue and complete the test.

I am, was and be the king,

I knocked, ran, and hit the road.

I skip, run, and hit the road.

I slid, ran, and dug the long road.

I slide, run, and dig the long road.

I walked, ran, and shot road.

I quickly walked, slowly ran, and shortly shot road.

I quickly walked, ran, and shot road.

I very quickly walked, very quietly ran, and very poorly shot road.

I spin, run, and shoot road.

John crawls, runs, and kicks the road.

John rode, ran, and jumped the road.

Tall John rides, runs, and skips the road.

Tall John rode, ran, and leaped the road.

I kick, jump, and admire the road.

I painted, judged, and jumped the road.

Sally measures, jumps, and leaps the road.

Sally kissed, jumped, and talked the road.

Funny Sally maps, jumps, and leaps the road.

Funny Sally thumps, jumped, and hit the road.

Sally was, is, and will be the ruler.

He was, is, and will be the clown.

Sally was, is, and will be manager.

He was, is, and will be the leader.

Sally begins, continues, and completes the test.

I begin, continue, and complete the test.

I am, was, and be the king,