,,Me brooder! We can kill the linnorm Fafnheir. We can unite the Linnorm Kings. And we can fight Baba Yaga from the lands of our people,'' says Soarin Unterson. He throws muscled arm around his stout younger brother, Vlag Unterson, and says, ''But only if we don't fight each other and we don't get harassed by the Gendarmes.''

Vlag says, ,,And get into Riddleport to work!'' 

Soarin squeezes Vlag.

The brothers round the third bend of Calphiak Pass and see a hundred feet away Gendarmes near a wood shack and fire guarding the entrance and haze of Riddleport. 

Riddleport is nestled between two steep ridges of the Calphiak Mountains and united by the riddles of greed, magic and Overlord Gaston Cromarcky.

A riddle for newcomers to Riddleport is its law. One answer to the riddle is pay the Overlord Gaston Cromarcky.

The other answer to the riddle is befriend the Gendarmes: the mercenaries, extortionists and bribe collectors of Gaston.  Gendarmes trip many merchants and many pirates with their law and their guisarme. Gendarmes enforce their law with the blade of a guisarme. Their law is Riddleport's law: pay.

The Unterson brothers's first riddle of Riddleport is how to make it through Calphiak Pass into Riddleport without paying the Gendarmes.

As the brothers step closer to the Gendarmes and Riddleport, they leave their family a half-day's longboat row to the coastal south.

Soarin and Vlag longboated from Unter Village over the waters of Varisa Bay during the morning after dad said, ,,Soarin, you are too big to feed. And Vlag, you are too wild to tame. Both Baba Yaga Sneak Attack each other much.'' Both Soarin and Vlag knew it was time to make room for the new baby and the other six siblings. And Grandmother said it was, ,,The Time.'' 

The brothers packed rope, blankets, flint and steel, fish hooks and net, canvas sheets, waterskins and dried fish. They stuffed coins in pockets. Vlag pulled leather armor over hide pants and shirt. He hit spear against shield while Soarin dressed his bear skin fur over hide pants and jacket. Soarin swung heavy mace, said. ,,We journey.''

They rowed from Unter Village to Riddleport on the longboat with father. Soarin and Vlag felt excited fear not knowing if they'd see their clan again. Vlag knew they weren't selling fish, and Soarin's loins stirred at the tales of Riddleport's whores. The longboat beached the rough shore outside Riddleport to avoid fees and bribes and cast-off the brothers to earn their own way in the world.

Father said, ,,Don't Baba Yaga Sneak Attack your brooder in Riddleport. Gives Gendarmes reason to take coin or beat you.''

,,Yes, faughter,'' said Vlag.

Father said, ,,May you come back on a Red Sunset.'' 

Soarin and Vlag walked the shore from the boat to the trees and a one-wagon road North. They walked through Shoanti territory to the two-wagon road West to Riddleport. 

The brothers walk Calphiak Pass.

Soarin shouts, ''UUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTERSON!'' The pass echoes, ''...SON...Son...son.''

Along Calphiak Pass before it opens to the smoke haze of Riddleport, a few Gendarmes pull their blood red cloaks over shoulders. They look through smoldering peat smoke, rub their hands, swat large mosquitoes and look at the approaching Unterson brothers. A bearded Gendarme points tip of a guisarme at the brothers and talks too distant to be heard by the brothers.

Soarin Unterson says, ''Me brooder, we going to make you a man. Oh yeah?'' His muscled arm squeezes Vlag's skinny but sturdy body. ''Oh yeah, me brooder.''

Vlag's strong body feels the strength of Soarin, but not the pain of Soarin's squeeze. Vlag laughs. ,,Brooder, you hug like child.'' He pushes from Soarin as Soarin releases squeeze. 

Soarin spreads arms through humidity showing his tattoos. ,,You may not be the baby, but you've not pillaged a woman with your spear, so she can show you how to use it to be a man.''

Vlag pounds forearm against chest and thick leather armor. ,,I'm a man. I know how to use my spear.'' He smiles and nods. ''Brooder, you were playing with ladies and gramooder while I worked the boat with faughter.''

Soarin grins. ,,Oh yeah, brooder, I was playing with the ladies while you played with faughter.'' He strokes his blond beard. ''He make you a man with your spear?'' He reaches and rubs the stubble on Vlag's cheek. ''You grow a beard.''

Vlag pushes Soarin's arm and leans back and raises a fist.

They glare at each other then chuckle.

The gust blows the blood red cloaks of the Gendarmes starring through pungent peat smoke at the brothers.

Soarin says, ,,It's just us brooders. No ladies. No faughter.'' He flexes muscles and whips long braided locks of blond hair over shoulders. He steps along road closer to the Gendarmes.

Soarin's hair is woven with beads given to him by his grandma, the spiritual leader of the clan. Soarin's spiritual strength was felt since birth. Soarin learned from grandma the spirit ways and life's paths. Grandma showed Soarin how to reach to Untersons of Time Past for guidance and healing. His body's strength came from father and from wrestling his brother. His spiritual strength came from grandma and the tattoos.

Grandma told arcane stories while she tattooed Soarin's skin. She told stories of olden days when the fish brought word of the arcane to the shores of Thessalon. She recounted tales of seafarers listening to the fish and learning great power from the fish. She taught Soarin the great power of potions for fish need liquid while scribing the tales on his skin.

Vlag teases his older and bigger brother about Soarin being able to cook a potion in the kitchen, but not fish over a campfire.

Vlag learned to make a campfire from father after father pushed Vlag from the fishing boat into the icy ocean and shouted ,,BABA YAGA SNEAK ATTACK!'' Then father showed Vlag how to build a fire. 

As Vlag dried by fire, father told Vlag stories of their Linnorm ancestors fighting Baba Yaga from Hagsreach in the Land of Linnorm Kings. Once dry, Vlag would try to Baba Yaga Sneak Attack Soarin using quickness and surprise to battle Soarin's strength.

Vlag became tough from getting beat by Soarin, rowing boats and hauling fishing nets since he was twelve. He became quick by dodging his father's Baba Yaga Sneak Attacks. After seven winters fishing, Vlag is not as strong as Soarin, but he can take a beating if he's caught.

In the shadows of Calphiak Pass, Vlag says, ,,Brooder.'' He steps with Soarin. ''Riddleport's dire seawolves attack those alone on the docks.'' 

Soarin lowers spread arms and hangs hand by heavy mace. ,,Well, me brooder. If we don't fight and stay as one then we won't be alone.'' He slaps Vlag's back. ''We make you a man. I won't be fighting with a boy!''

Vlag sneers. ,,Yeah, Brooder.'' Vlag raises spear and stabs space before him.  ''Have you, Brooder?''

,,Oh yeah.'' Soarin shakes his pouch. ''We drink. We eat. We get you a tiefling whore to pillage. We find jobs. We become kings!''

Vlag spits. ,,Tiefling is like Baba Yaga witch spawn.'' Vlag lifts spear and shouts. ''I WON'T STICK MY SPEAR IN A TIEFLING!''

Vlag's voice echoes through Calphiak Pass to the distant clanks, thumps and laughter of Riddleport that sounds like whispers to the shout of Vlag.

By the wood shack, eight Gendarmes throw back blood red cloaks and grip guisarmes. The bearded Gendarmes by wood shack points arm and finger at the brothers.

,,Me brooder,'' says Soarin as he slams forearm against his chest.

Their feet stomp gravel filled wagon ruts.

The humid breeze blows the Gas Works' smoke and trash rot fumes from Riddleport through the pass to the Eastern plains.

As the bothers walk, four Gendarmes guards fall in behind the them.

Vlag grips spear, and Soarin lays hand on heavy mace handle. They walk with the four Gendarmes following close behind.

''Faughter can't guard us, brooder,'' says Soarin. ''We follow Varisia and her land. We guard each other. Not fight each other.''

,,Varisia...'' says Vlag. His head hangs as he looks from the dirt to Soarin. ''What we do, brooder?''

Soarin shrugs. ,,Bounty hunters.'' 

Vlag shrugs. ,,No, not me.'' After a few steps Vlag says, ''We work a boat.''

Soarin strokes beard. ,,Not working on a boat unless we got no money. And I work with me brooder.'' He swings arm around Vlag.

Vlag shrugs-off Soarin's arm and steps from Soarin.

''Oh yeah,'' says Soarin. ''Be that way.''

Vlag clenches fist. ,,We need to work.''

The brothers step near the Gendarmes' wood shack and Calphiak Pass's end in the haze of Riddleport.

Now six Gendarmes stand before the brothers and four are behind.

Soarin says, ,,We be body guards. Or we fight in Zincher’s Arena. Or be Gendarmes.''

Vlag chuckles. ,,It's Vancaskerkin Arena now.''

Soarin says, ,,You hear that from faughter?''

Vlag nods.

Soarin grins, ,,Gramooder says never believe what you hear about Riddleport.''

Vlag shoves Soarin, and Soarin stands as Vlag says, ,,You fight. I work on a boat.''

Soarin shouts, ,,We fight! I'll talk. We go. Make me brooder a man.''

,,A man,'' says Vlag.

,,Oh yeah.'' Soarin says and smiles. ''You pillage a tiefling with your spear.'' Soarin swats at Vlag's crotch.

Vlag shouts, ,,I'M A MAN!'' He raises fist and spear.

Soarin shouts through the mountain pass. ,,WE FALL TOGETHER. THE UUUUNTERSONS.'' As shout echoes, Soarin nudges Vlag's shoulder. ''WE FIGHT!''

,,DROP YOUR WEAPONS!'' shouts the bearded Gendarme. 

Gendarmes near the wood shack and campfire grip guisarmes and step to the brothers. The Gendarmes behind the brothers ready their guisarmes.

Vlag sneers at Soarin, lowers fist.

Soarin nudges Vlag's shoulder. ''Or we go home, and you can pillage faughter with your spear.''

Vlag drops spear, punches at Soarin's face and shouts, ,,BABA YAGA SNEAK ATTACK!''